Let's call Adelfi right now.
>> I'm down.
>> Yeah.
>> How about we call my friend? I actually
haven't met him in person, but I'm I'm
friends with this Deli. Arnold
Schwarzenegger.
>> Yeah.
>> What do we think?
>> Love it.
>> Hey, this is AI Arnold. I'm here to cut
the crap and help you get stronger,
healthier, and happier. So, what's on
your mind today?
>> Arnold, I have 15 minutes a day to work
out, which I feel like is not a lot, but
I want to feel good and I want to get
better in my health. What do you
recommend I do? 15 minutes is plenty if
you focus and go hard. Don't overthink
it. Stick to simple, effective moves
that hit multiple muscles. Do one to two
sets of exercises like push-ups, reverse
lunges, and lying leg raises. Keep rest
short and push yourself. You'll feel
like a champion in no time. Now, get to
it.
>> That's awesome.
[Music]
Today's guest, Dar, is building
something that challenges our
fundamental assumptions about human
connection and knowledge transfer. His
company, Deli, creates digital minds, AI
representations that capture not just
what people say and how they sound, but
how they think and reason through new
situations. Dar's insight is that AI is
driving a shift from information
consumption through feeds to
conversational media. He argues that as
AI becomes abundant, human energy and
authentic connection become the premium
experience. This conversation reveals
how the next wave of AI might not
automate humans away, but actually
amplify our most uniquely human
qualities. Enjoy the show.
>> Dra, thank you so much for joining us
today.
>> Thanks for having me. Okay. Digital
minds, AI clones. Sounds a little bit
like a Black Mirror episode where
nobody's talking to each other anymore.
Like, change my mind.
>> Well, one, we got rid of the word
clones. So, we don't say that anymore.
>> Oh,
>> digital minds.
>> Okay.
>> But I think if you look at past
revolutions of technology, when the
printing press came out, you're going to
read someone's thoughts instead of
talking to them. When the radio came
out, you're going to listen to a voice
in a box instead of talking to them.
Must make you antisocial. But I think
what each of these things did is you
listen to someone on a podcast or read a
book, you end up wanting to meet them
even more. And you may read an email
from someone. Does that make you
antisocial? Now you can just consume
that information in an interactive way.
And what we've seen, which I can talk
about more later, is the idea of having
a digital mind ends up leading to people
wanting to talk to you more. So the idea
isn't replacing human connection but
providing access where previously there
was none in a way that is more
temporally convenient for the end user
>> and in a world where everyone has a
digital twin what you know what becomes
of you know the value of real human
interaction
>> I think even digital twin aside I think
AI makes energy more premium
>> because energy is the one thing that
cannot be replaced. So again, back to
the revolutions. There was a time where
most of the work we did was based on our
bodies. And then we we invented machines
that were stronger than us. And then we
invented jobs where the majority of our
work involved our minds. And now we're
inventing machines that are smarter than
us. And what's the remaining thing? It's
kind of our our hearts, our energy. And
so in a world where you have a digital
mind, it's kind of like your top
offunnel filter. Who gets to meet you?
Who actually gets to make it to your
heart? which is the in my opinion
premium experience.
>> Speaking of hearts, I think it would be
helpful to hear
>> you've just explained sort of the
technology revolution backwards way of
looking at what Deli is today. Yeah,
>> you should also tell us about the origin
story and the very human reason you
started the company because I think
that's really fascinating.
>> Yeah, it's a long and windy road, but uh
you know in 2014 I was gifted a book
called How to Create a Mind by Ray
Kerszswwell. Yep.
>> Where he talks about one day you can
recreate someone's mind. And I don't
know why that was so fascinating to me
at the time, but that got me into
studying computer science and physics
and got me into the AI space. And then
in 2021, I was working on my first
startup as a solo founder in building
with LLMs in a time where everyone was
saying crypto or American dynamism. So I
felt like I must be doing something
wrong. No one really wants to talk to
me. I'm very lonely. I didn't really
have any mentors. And I was reading a
book about my grandfather who was one of
the most successful business owners in
Iran before the revolution. He had
30,000 employees at his peak. And he was
put on the hit list by the Ayatollah.
>> Came to this country with nothing. But
the the really special thing about him
and and the reason they actually study
his book in business schools in Iran was
not just because he was successful, but
because he was a very principled man.
Like he treated people well, had
integrity. And when you start a company
for the first time, it's really a moment
in your life where you you really begin
to internally reflect like who am I? Why
am I even working seven days a week?
Like what is the thing that is driving
me? Yeah.
>> And so this book provided a place where
like maybe this is who I am. Like this
is my family. And I wanted to be able to
ask him what would you do in my
situation? But a book can't answer this
question. And he had had a stroke a
couple years prior. So I couldn't ask
him myself. So remembering Ray
Kerszswwell's book and realizing that
LLM's matched that book, I created a
digital version of him that I could talk
to
>> and uh
>> those like GPT2 or BERT.
>> It was early GPT3 developer list along
with hugging face embeddings.
>> Okay.
>> Wow.
>> And you know a bunch of wines later
which I can get into if you want. We
have deli.
>> Really cool. when did you realize this
could be a scalable platform and you
know not represent one person but the
voice of so many?
>> So I actually tried to launch Deli as a
company in 2021. It was called Helix at
the time and I posted a website and you
could talk to like Naval and Mark Andre
>> and one it was super expensive like I
was burning money and two a lot of
people were like what is this? This is
immoral. You can't be doing this. This
is wrong. So I was like, "All right, you
know what? Maybe I'm wrong." And I think
a couple things happened in the
following year that continually built
that conviction besides the grandfather
experience.
One is I moved to Miami to work at Open
Store under Keith Reo and his main
investment philosophy is I like to
invest in startups where the majority of
my friends laugh at and think it's
stupid.
>> I was like, wait a minute, maybe I
should like double click into that thing
where everyone was calling me stupid.
And then number two is I met my
co-founder Sam and we were reading Build
by Tony Fidel in our book club and we
created a digital version of him because
that book kind of operates as a mentor
like he teaches you how to think about
product and I was using it and Sam was
using other people were using it and I
was like this is really useful and I am
not the only person in the world who has
felt alone without mentors. It was very
obvious to me that this would be useful
for any young person wanting to learn
from the grades just as they do from
books, but now they can respond back
because Bloom's two sigma that was a
paper that I was reading at the time,
two standard deviations improvement for
those who have tutors. Not everyone has
access to that. And then the third thing
was I in 2022
I had turned the notifications on for
every AI researcher on Twitter and I
realized that a paper was coming out
every single week
>> and the digital mind that I created of
Tony Fidel was 10,000 times cheaper than
the one I created for my grandfather.
And so at that point I was like okay
this is now feasible to do at scale. It
is useful to me. the thing I have to
prove out eventually is can this be
useful to the person creating a digital
mind so it's not just for the end user
and so that's what led us to starting
the company a month before chat GBT
which at the time again everyone was
like what is this this is stupid you
can't do this but you know I had heard
that before
>> was this before or after character AI
>> before and so when character launched I
remember Sam and I were kind of freaking
out a little bit but I think again I had
seen the cost of these models dropped so
heavily and the history of
billion-dollar consumer companies are
not is not a history of companies that
had early technical moes there were it
was a history of companies that just had
great product and great distribution and
at a certain time the the moat that
character AI had at the time according
to VCs would not no longer be a moat the
ability to create these digital
characters and then the second aspect of
it is I think the first use case that
really takes off in a company defines
its trajectory and character AI really
taking off on, you know, anime
characters and characters. I knew it was
a very different world than like
verified authenticity, human
representation, at least with very
different brands and very different
products.
>> Super interesting.
>> The first time I met you, I remember
thinking, "Oh, isn't this kind of like
character?" I think I had that similar
impression, but you've always had a
really heavy emphasis on authorized real
people. Can you talk about a little bit
more about what led you down that path?
Why did you pick that? And then what
what have you had to build in order to
make that really work?
>> Yeah. So it was both intentional and
unintentional.
>> Initially Sam and I's go to market
scheme would be hey we should create
these digital versions of these people
and they're going to love it. Like
they're going to think it's so cool and
that was not the case. We got three
seasoned desists from very very
important people who still have not
forgiven us to this day.
And so that's when I was like, okay, uh,
we need to get their buy in. And that
means we don't want to be a pay-to-play
model like some of these other creator
companies. We need to make the product
useful enough such that someone is
willing to go through the friction of
uploading their data and trusting us
with their identity. What does that
mean? We have to create a brand as well.
A brand that people want to associate
their identities with. It is uh
statusinducing.
And I think if you look at Wikipedia
pretty much documents all of human
knowledge. Does anyone actually learn
from Wikipedia? The creator economy
exists because we inherently trust
things that come from humans. We read
books, we watch YouTube videos.
>> Yeah.
>> So similarly,
>> if the internet taught people how to
consume information through screens and
then once we built that habit, we
started reading blogs. With Chad GBT,
we're teaching people how to consume
information through conversation. And I
think that's going to be the dominant
form of content consumption because it's
easier and we like easy things. Then the
pendulum swings and we want things that
come from humans.
>> So for us to get people to trust us, it
it required guard rails, uh, anti-h
hallucination. It required having a very
strict stance on you can only create a
deli of yourself
>> and it required really caring about
design and brand.
Maybe take us through now behind the
scenes like what is actually going on uh
when you created deli through the
creation process and then what's kind of
going on under the hood like how do you
represent a human?
>> Well, I I want to talk a bit about what
Ray Kerszswwell said in his book.
>> Yeah. So in the book he says that the
mind is a hierarchy of pattern
recognizers and on the lowest end you
have on the on the lowest level of the
hierarchy you have things that recognize
letters and that feeds up to higher
levels which recognize sentences and
that feeds up to meaning and that feeds
up to consciousness. And so when I was
working on my first startup Friday,
which involved LLMs, I had this insight.
Wait, an LLM is a pattern recognizer.
And I kind of had an existential moment
where I was like, are we just a
hierarchy of pattern recognizers where
consciousness is what we experience? And
so that really helped me understand that
he has this line in the book, you don't
need to understand the molecular details
of the mind to recreate it. You just
need to understand how it's organized
and architected. And so that's kind of
what led me to focusing on like what
does the organization of a mind look
like? And your mind stores a bunch of
things. It stores your relationships. Uh
it has uncertainty in it. It connects
events and heruristics with you know how
you reason about those events and
heristics. And it changes over time.
>> Your beliefs change over time. And so
what we've ended up with is an adaptive
temporal knowledge graph. Knowledge
graphs are great because you can store
the connections between things and you
can also store the weights of confidence
like how how likely is it that you would
actually say this and we allow people to
control you know leniency on what they
want their deli to say and the temporal
nature is it changes over time so
eventually you can say what would my
22-year-old version of me say this
>> about this topic
>> um so yeah people can upload their
social media their YouTube podcast
websites they can answer questions about
themselves it creates feeds so it's
constantly staying up to and updating
the knowledge graph and then you can
make it available to others to chat with
call or video call. And the very
important thing we had to solve before
getting any any customers is every
person was like what if it says
something wrong and someone takes a
screenshot and sends it to the daily
mail. There's just a huge fear.
>> Yeah.
>> And so allowing people to kind of choose
okay it only says things it's trained on
that directly answers the question.
That's great for people like Dr. Markman
who works in the medical space
or it uses data from the internet. They
want it to be conclusive. But I think
the most powerful setting is it only
says things it's trained on. But when
posed with a new situation, it can
predict what you might say in that new
situation.
>> And that's useful for a lot of reasons.
And I can give you example of like how
that works in practice. If I were to ask
my grandfather's deli, how would you
think about running an AI company? He's
never spoken about AI in his life, but
in his book, it talks about him starting
an oil business in Iran in the mid 20th
century and that was kind of an
uncertain time in the country. So, we
have his principles of dealing with
uncertainty and AI is an uncertain field
right now. So, he can maybe reason what
he might say in these new situations.
>> That's completely fascinating. I love
that theory of the mind from the book is
how you built the company.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Ray Kurszswwell is the man.
>> It's fascinating. Can you give us some
examples of the most popular deli uh and
the you know shapes of uh conversations
that people are having on your platform?
>> Yeah, I mean it's pretty uh it's a
horizontal enablement layer versus like
a vertical point solution. Like when you
have a new form of media, there's a lot
of ways you can you can do that and then
scale your thoughts. So we have some
people using it as an entirely new form
of teaching and learning. You see course
completion rate at an all-time low
because our attention spans are kind of
being destroyed by Tik Tok and reals and
books as well. Now you have something
that you can learn from like a mentor in
a way that's personalized to you that's
adaptive to your changing circumstances.
So you could read a book once and come
back a year later. Your circumstances
have changed. That book stays the same.
Deli adapts with you. So that's kind of
the learning case and people are
monetizing it, making millions of
dollars selling time with their mind.
And then we have just 247 availability
to their teams. CEOs have a very
specific way of thinking or their best
salespeople have a specific way of
thinking. How do you scale the highest
leverage people in a company? Because as
a company scales, what usually breaks is
alignment. And so now CEOs can be in
multiple rooms. Top sales people can
train new hires and help them get up to
speed faster.
We have 247
I don't like to say customer support
because I don't think we're a
replacement for intercom or zenesk but
my deli is in the deli product and like
my customers will talk to it all the
time and then they'll email me being
like yo thank you so much I love the
product so it almost feels like there's
a higher NPS and I think it's very
analogous to Mark Zuckerberg spending a
t a ton of time on his personal brand
right now because he knows that the
relationship between the human and the
individual is more powerful than the
company. And then we have the top of the
funnel where replacement of personal
website, LinkedIn profile. You want to
pick my brain. I don't want to give you
my email because I have too much spam in
my email. So why don't you talk to my
digital mind and it's going to let me
know if we should hop on a call based on
what it knows about the kinds of people
that I want to meet.
>> Actually, maybe talk about it from that
perspective. If if you if you have a
digital mind, how do you like sort of
talk to your own deli and then figure
out, you know, the maybe who you should
go back in contact? Like what can you
see on the inside once you have a deli?
>> Yeah. So, it's a combination of
proactive and passive. So, I could go in
and and be like, given the past thousand
conversations, where in the deli product
should I improve the most? What blog
post should I create that will give
clarity to my customers? What's
resonating with people? or for some of
our more revenue focused customers,
where are the biggest revenue
opportunities? What product should I
create? What podcast? What should I talk
about my my next podcast? So, that's
more passive.
>> And then the proactive is mine will tell
me when there's an engineer talking to
it because we don't want to introduce
another inbox to someone. We're not
trying to waste people's time. We're
trying to save people time. So, you can
go through all the conversations, but
what's better is you never have to and
you trust it enough that it's going to
tell you when it's an important customer
or a partner or a journalist or a new
hire.
>> Yeah. I actually talked to your deli
before this to prepare for the podcast
and I asked it what are some good
questions to ask you and then what would
your answers be and that helped guide
the the scripts. I thought that was a
really interesting use case that I
hadn't really anticipated.
>> Yeah. I uh I interviewed a candidate
today and I was like starting to tell
him about myself. He's like, "Oh, don't
worry. I I already talked to your deli.
We can we can get straight into it." I
was like, "Yeah, let's go."
>> Awesome.
>> I don't want to have to tell this story
every time.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Can we share the Brian Halligan use
case?
>> Oh. Um, so Brian Alligan is a partner at
Sequoia, right? I I have him on text. I,
you know, could easily call him to ask a
question. And you know, he's written all
these books about HubSpot and, you know,
his journey as CEO. And I had a very
specific question about how they did
product management when they launched
their second product. And I was like, I
could text Brian, but this is kind of I
don't want to bother him. So I just
called his deli on my drive home and I
said, how did you do product management?
And he gave like a perfect answer. you
know, I I I could have called him, you
know, and it's also interesting to see
some of the other deli being used
internally at Sequoa. Uh our design
partner, James Buckhouse, has one, and
our founders often talk to him about
storytelling advice. You've talked to
him before.
>> Yeah.
>> And now they text his deli every once in
a while. And then also text him at the
same time and say, "Hey, your deli said
this. Just want to check that that's
right." And he's like, "Yep, that's spot
on." So, it's just so fascinating to be
able to even with people you know, kind
of not want to bother them or not take
up too much of their time and still get
really great answers. So, that's been
kind of surprising as a consumer.
>> Yeah.
>> Who who you are and what you decide to
share changes based on where you are.
Like I'm in podcast right now. I'm not
going to share the things that I share
with my family.
>> Yeah.
>> And so context awareness and the ability
to hide data. you know, my deli
internally might have data that
externally it doesn't have and maybe my
data my deli if it's going to represent
me in a dating sense is not going to be
talking about digital minds create the
future. It's going to be talking about
me as a person.
>> Yeah, totally. Um and and then the
sequoia use cases you mentioned are
really interesting because you know one
of the things we try to be very
intentional about is we are not you know
nameless faceless sequoia. We are a
collection of individuals each with very
very different personalities, different
skill sets etc. And so like the founders
we work with kind of figure that out,
but Deli kind of allows us to scale that
in a way uh that that is otherwise hard
to scale.
>> Yeah. The what you said, the anxiety of
wasting someone else's time is actually
like a huge thing that we started to see
more and more where it's like
>> I don't want to waste your time. Also,
this is a very personal conversation
that I'm I'm too nervous to have with
another human being. So I'll just talk
to your deli instead.
>> Totally.
>> What are the most unusual things people
have asked your deli? like things that
maybe you were surprised by. Even
>> there was someone asking about wanting
to go on a date at some point. I was
completely in grind mode, so I didn't
get to double click into that.
>> Um I always think it's really cool like
that every once in a while there will be
like some guy who calls my deli for an
hour in Hungarian. The cool it's
multilingual.
>> So it's like that's just something that
I wouldn't ever have been able to do
like talk to this guy and connect with
him.
>> And so I think that's very cool. Um,
and the way they speak to it, they know
it's not me, but they will they will
just speak to it as if it is.
>> Yeah. You know, I often think about, you
know, right now we're in this time where
talking to like an AI version of someone
seems weird and dystopian, but I I
suspect consumer behavior is going to
switch very quickly and it's just going
to become more and more the norm. And
maybe kind of the same way that we used
to look at like Wikipedia when it first
came out. We're like, "Oh, that's
terrible. people writing, you know,
facts on the internet. This is horrible
and we should all be reading
encyclopedias. And now we're just kind
of used to it. We set our expectations
that not everything on the internet is
true. And so I think people will go
through this sort of understanding of
what AI is and what these conversations
are like and eventually know this is not
the real DAR. I know what I'm getting.
It's still useful. It doesn't mean it's
a replacement for you. So that's kind of
how I think about
>> the shift. Where do you think we are in
that sort of adoption cycle? because I
what I the thing I I love about you is I
feel like you live five years in the
future um and we're like just catching
up like what do you see down that path?
Like where do you think this is all
going?
>> So I think two things need to happen. Um
one of them is just it's a culture shift
and I I know the first year of the
company was so painful because like no
one believed in our product. Uh but I
just saw so many people go from haters
to like complete believers once they
understood it, once they got social
proof. Social proof is a big thing and
yesterday I was at an event with Tony
Robbins and Gary Brea and a lot of like
those kinds of people and there's
certain people who get it and then
you'll have someone here it's a group
where people talk about like their
business problems in the knowledgebased
uh sector and there's one guy and he's
like you know I really wish I could
scale myself all these people are asking
for my time and I want to help them but
I can't I'm only one guy and I'm like
dude you know about Deli but in his mind
he's like oh no no like that doesn't
make sense. And that's when I realized
like, oh what, like this is a need and
people want it, but they are anxious
that it's going to make them look
inauthentic. They're anxious that it's
going to say something wrong. There's
kind of like this perception of AI and
like what it what it is. So I think it's
just something that as AI gets more
ubiquitous and we get more social proof,
people will adopt. And the second aspect
of it is from a product perspective,
before our new mind architecture, it was
very hard to create a good one unless
you had a lot of data. And now with
interview mode and the ability to just
answer a couple questions about yourself
to create something pretty high fidelity
that can represent you, I think we'll
open it up to mass market.
>> So that's maybe the supply side, right?
What do you think will happen on the
consumer side?
>> Consumer side. Yeah.
>> And not even just with Deli, but just
generally with the future of, you know,
like you said, we're in the internet
where there's blogs and articles and now
we're shifting to all conversational
medium. Like what does that look like
for consumers? for consumers to adopt
deli. The ones we see it happen when
they make the shift of oh this is just a
new artifact of the mind. This is not a
replacement. This is just conversational
media as James likes to say. But I hope
that
right now most networks and online are
about feeds. So social media and the
internet is about keeping us scrolling
and reading forever which I think is
kind of a waste of time and kind of
antithetical to the purpose of
technology. I think in a world where
everyone has a digital mind, we don't
like the idea of a feed. We like the
idea of you have something that knows
you so well and you trust that it knows
you so well and it can find the people
that can most help you in your life,
whether it's someone to learn from,
someone to work with based on the
quality of your thought and it's
proactive. So there is no feed and you
spend more time in the real world.
That's kind of our optimistic version.
Less scrolling, more learning impactful
things and more connecting with people
in real life. I'm also curious how the
economics of the internet are evolving
like for example Wikipedia constantly
running out of money right do you think
that there's an economic opportunity for
the people that create deli of
themselves
>> totally and there's so many business
models with this company and I I'll walk
you through the
>> the growing nature of it so right now
people uh pay to have a deli of
themselves which might sound weird but
you know you have six million people
paying Wix to have a personal website
which is a way of scaling themselves you
have people paying Beehive to have a
blog and then people can monetize their
deli as a new version of a course or a
book and we already have someone making
millions of dollars and I think the key
blocker to that growth is just how the
positioning. I think the positioning is
really important for that. We're trying
to figure out how to market a new kind
of form of content that people pay for.
And then you have the idea of people
being able to license out their digital
minds. So if Arnold Schwarzenegger for
example gets 10,000 messages a week
containing the word supplement, maybe a
brand wants to buy that keyword and he
can agree and it's like people based SEO
or LA Fitness can be like we want to
rent his identity to represent our
brand.
>> So I think there's a idea of scaling
your identity in a way that can serve
brands and other people.
>> And then the last one is the advanced uh
people search. You know people pay
LinkedIn sales recruiter or GLG cons
consulting to find the best person in
the world on a specific topic. We say
simulation as a service the new SAS
where you can have your digital mind
simulate millions of conversations and
come back to you and say this is the
best person and maybe there is business
models on both sides where you can pay
to be seen more which I'm kind of
against because the idea is that it
should not be hacked and it should be
authentic or you get better results by
paying. How do you think about
balancing, you know, advertising versus
versus paid? Because there's there's a
certain lack of authenticity, right?
When there's when there's keywords and
people are buying.
>> Well, the key thing is Arnold has to
agree to it. Like if he actually
believes in the brand,
>> then we don't see any problem with that
because people want to get
recommendations from him anyways. It's
just trust capital.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I was talking to Mark
Hyman's uh deli about blood testing and
he did say maybe you should try function
health, but that was like actually
related to what I was talking to him
about. Yeah. You know what I would love
is, you know, rather than going to chatt
and getting sort of the generic internet
summarized answer, I'd love to ask a
question like, you know, what supplement
should I be on? here's my, you know, let
me upload my results and then have
different doctors with different
perspectives or different health people
answer and then be able to choose which
of those to engage with. So, I think
that could be a really cool
>> Yeah, border advisor. We used to have
that, then we removed it because now
we're focused on quality instead of
shipping speed.
>> Okay. So, conversations are the the
future. You think the medium will be
text, phone calls, video? Like, how do
you think that plays out? So,
interestingly enough, we've seen
consumers whose first experience with
the product is voice are 5x more
retentive and likely to come back. I
think that's interesting. It kind of
goes onto the point of trust.
>> Yeah,
>> I think it'll be both text and voice.
>> I'm hoping one day we'll have good
enough video. At the 4runner event, that
company Persona AI, that video demo
completely made me realize that video
would be a medium
>> if we can get it that good. Because
right now it's
>> if it's not perfect, it almost takes
away from the experience where if you're
calling or texting, you can have some
imagination.
>> Yeah.
>> Like, oh wow, this is happening.
>> But video, the bar is a lot higher
because you are seeing something.
>> Yeah. Do you block people from having
certain types of conversations?
>> It's a good question. I mean, from a
customer perspective, we don't allow
politicians right now.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> And for various reasons.
>> Wait, that would be so fun, though. uh
we could debate with them
>> at a certain point, but we don't want to
be a part of a whole Cambridge Analytica
situation. We're we're too early to be
affecting elections. Um and we don't
allow Only Fans or like porn stars
because I I just think AI girlfriends
are are very bad.
>> Um otherwise, we don't do any monitoring
on the types of conversations people
have. We do have guardrails on, you
know, not safe for work topics and, you
know, hallucinations, so you can't
convince it to act like something else.
Tell us a little bit about the most
unexpected use cases on Deli.
>> There have been so many and it's
interesting because we started the
company just focused on the learning use
case. Yeah. And then people started
using it for initial discovery calls and
customers and like oh there's actually a
lot more. Uh what we saw in the data is
a lot of people actually talk to
themselves
>> and like one interesting thing that
someone did was they had a book that was
recommended to them but they didn't want
to read it. So they were like I wonder
if I had read this book what points
would I get out of it? So they uploaded
the book uh in conversation their mind
and they're like what would you think
about this?
>> Wow.
>> I guess I don't have to read the book.
>> It's amazing.
>> It was interesting.
>> Who's on your wish list of people who
you really would like to have a deli?
>> So many um I'm a big Robert Green fan.
Robert Green would be awesome. Obviously
Paul Graham would be great. Um
>> he has so many writings. He'd make a
great deli.
>> And I've emailed him a couple times.
Again, some people are just very
allergic to this idea. Um, I think that
Steve Jobs and Walt Disney would be
awesome. Yeah.
>> And you know, we have some
>> people who are no longer on the platform
like Socrates and Abraham Lincoln. Those
names are in the public domain. For
people whose names are not in the public
domain, it would require the permission
of the foundations and the estates that
own their identity.
>> Who's the most requested deli from
customers or consumers?
>> Consumers. Uh, definitely Paul Graham.
>> Definitely Paul Graham and Steve Jobs.
And Andrew Huberman is another one.
>> Who's your favorite to talk to?
>> I talk to many. Um
>> yourself.
>> Myself sometimes. Lenny Richki, great
product person. Actually talk James Buck
House.
>> Uh Keith Boy is a very specific style
and sometimes I like to be reminded of
his style. Um Matthew Hussy dating life
of course.
>> Uh
>> I'm really excited. We we met Gary Brea
the past couple days and he is an
incredible guy. I learned so much about
health that I had no idea.
>> Yeah.
>> And once we create his, I want to give
it to my parents
>> because so much is being discovered in
the health space right now. And I just
feel like my parents and people of their
generation are so averse to like, oh,
what if everything we knew about health
was wrong?
>> How can we help them learn that in a
better way? My parents aren't going to
listen to a two-hour podcast. One of the
things that going back to character for
a second that like always impressed me
was how long the conversations were and
how engaged users were. I'm curious what
you see from your user base.
>> Depends on the person.
>> So someone who is using their deli at
top of funnel might be like a couple
questions. Yeah.
>> I want to get a quick answer
>> versus someone who they're known for
their way of thinking like Matthew Hussy
for example six hour phone call.
>> Wow.
>> Um Keith 1 hour you know a couple hours.
It it really depends on the person and
why do people want to talk to them in
the first place.
>> Wow. It could be like a new leaderboard
that people
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. People get competitive,
but there's a lot of ways of thinking
about that.
>> Want to have a more interesting minds
than
>> than anyone else.
>> Yeah.
>> One of the really surprising use cases
to me that had a lot of engagement was
Jason Lekin at Faster
>> because he tweeted that he brings his
deli with him to all his real life
conversations. What is that about? I
think he brings it to his Zoom calls and
uh
>> it can answer questions in the call and
it can also give him a recap on on what
happened and he has it on the Sasser
website as well. Um
>> and a couple things for him. One advice,
you know, he knows a lot about SAS. Two,
I think it actually sold tickets to his
Saster event. So, you know, this past
week I was with uh Russell Brunson whose
whole thing is he gives talks at
conferences to sell events. to one to
many scale selling and deli's one to
many to one selling where you know it's
personalized you trust the person and
adapts to the end user
>> what do you think will be the tipping
point that makes digital twins go from
early adopters to mainstream like is it
a tech tipping point is just gradual
cultural acceptance
>> all the above I think uh definitely
interview mode and definitely look
decreasing the friction right now
there's kind of a purposefully a good
amount of friction to setting one up and
making it useful I I think it needs to
be super easy, like a couple steps.
People are so impatient.
>> Um,
>> and then culture. I think the more case
studies, the more people that are like,
"This is not weird."
>> And
>> I think we want to buy the dot domain
because we actually don't want to be
seen as an AI company. I think AI is
just like a tool and it allows us to
build this thing, but really we're more
of like a human company. We scale
humans.
>> What do you think in 5 years will be
obvious about digital twins that, you
know, you know, contrarian or early
today? I think it will be obvious that
consumers prefer to be able to talk to
something before talking to you.
>> What is the role of humans in this new
future where everyone has a digital
mind?
>> I mean I think right now so many
companies are focused on automating
humans, automating, automating,
automating. And I think it just forgets
like what is the purpose of like living
at all? It's it's humans and
relationships. You know, since we became
a species, our life has revolved around
knowing other humans. And I think uh
Bezos's conviction in Amazon was also
grounded in a core human need, which was
hunter gather. You want to buy things,
you want to collect things. And I think
the need that we're betting on is like
you want to connect with other humans.
And in a world where AI is abundant and
infinite and information is no longer
the bottleneck, the bottleneck and the
premium thing becomes the connection,
the curation, the trust and the energy.
So I think humans, the humans that put
the work in become more valuable. And
what I mean by put the work in is it's
easier than ever to be mediocre at
something. Now you can create AI slop of
a book or a course or a software product
that that top 5% of additional effort I
think is going to get 95% of the
results.
>> Should we close with some rapid fire?
>> Yeah. Who is the most popular deli on
the platform?
>> It switches. I mean Mark Heyman
definitely gets up there. Matthew Hussy,
Andy Elliot, um Pace Morby, Brennan
Bashard, Arnold Schwarzenegger,
Natalie Ellis. But then there's a
difference between popularity of like
usage and the ones that like if you have
a smaller cohort that's coming back
consistently versus a million people
using it. How do you evaluate those two?
So like Lenny people come back a lot. Um
Keith
>> Socrates do you think consumer or
enterprise B2B use cases will be more
abundant on your platform? So my take is
that consumer and B2B converges over
time
>> because every the creator economy or the
individual economy every individual is a
business
>> and like our customers are coaches,
authors, CEOs who are also their
businesses. Yeah.
>> And back to the idea of branding like
Mark Zuckerberg being the face of his
company. I think like BTOC, B2B, B2P,
business to people,
>> you're building products for people.
>> Um and so I think it's both. I think and
the network effects come with the
consumer platform, but you know, you'll
have CEOs that have an external facing V
version for new hires and customers and
one internally for their companies.
>> All right, let's do some rapidfire
consumer questions because you're a
consumer guy. What is uh is there a
consumer app or habit or life hack that
you have recently adopted?
>> I've been pretty underwhelmed by new
consumer AI tools to be honest. Um and I
try not to tinker around too much
because I tinker around enough with
Deli. M
>> uh so I don't think my answers are very
different than the cliches of perplexity
research and uh notion and things like
that.
>> Has AI affected your life in any
meaningful way outside of
>> Deli?
One thing that it has made me a lot
better at is
a lot of times people have different
communication styles and I'm not just
talking about in like their words or
their languages but in how they perceive
things. So you could be emailing someone
about, you know, a customer or an
investor or a new hire and conflict can
result due to lack of communication. Um,
so that's actually one way I've been
using AI a lot is what do they actually
mean and how can I get what I mean in
the way that they perceive.
>> Uh, and I think that has helped me a lot
with relationships.
>> Interesting. Like a translator almost
>> almost like a mental translator, but
it's not language. It's just
>> the way you perceive and understand
things. Mhm.
>> Okay, last question. I'm very proud of
this one. Just thought of it. The deli
touring test. In what year will people
not know whether they're talking to
somebody's digital mind or or that
person?
>> Well, I'll preface by saying we don't
want that necessarily. Well, we don't
want it to ever be tricking people.
>> Y
>> because Deli is not meant to be
deceptive.
>> Yep.
>> I think widespread 2026
>> because already it's happening in a
couple cases now. We we whenever a
customer creates a deli, we say send it
to your mom first. Uh and that's going
to be the way you're confident with it.
And many times they're like my mom
thought it was me. Oh my god. Like this
is amazing.
>> Great answer. 2026. Yeah.
>> Come around the corner very quickly.
>> Let's call Adelfi right now.
>> I'm down.
>> Yeah.
>> How about we call my friend? I actually
haven't met him in person, but I'm I'm
friends with this deli Arnold
Schwarzenegger.
>> Yeah.
>> What do we think?
>> Love it.
>> All right. What do you guys want to ask
him? I have 15 minutes a day to work out
because I'm busy. What is the best
15inute exercise that I can do?
>> Okay.
>> Hey, this is AI Arnold. I'm here to cut
the crap and help you get stronger,
healthier, and happier. So, what's on
your mind today,
>> Arnold? I have 15 minutes a day to work
out, which I feel like is not a lot, but
I want to feel good and I want to get
better in my health. What do you
recommend I do?
>> 15 minutes is plenty if you focus and go
hard. Don't overthink it. Stick to
simple, effective moves that hit
multiple muscles. Do one to two sets of
exercises like pushups, reverse lunges,
and lying leg raises. Keep rest short
and push yourself. You'll feel like a
champion in no time. Now, get to it.
>> All right, man. Thank you.
>> That's awesome.
>> Very cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Amazing. Dra, thank you so much for
joining us. This is fun.
>> Thank you.
[Music]